nc-Add-skipgo-app-links/ update-smartswap-venues (#1497)
skip-mev/skip-go: docs/general/faq.mdx

This means we may make breaking changes to them at any time. 

> #### What are the dev, testnet and mainnet links for the Skipgo app?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### What are the dev, testnet and mainnet links for the Skip Go app?
```
